i dont want to go off on a rant but:

So you know how Dalanet falls, what if frazier sends two of his thundermage goons. and let's say they have a huge iron door, called like Heaven's Judgement or something like that at the palace place, the counselors and a few soldiers are hidden inside behind the door and there's a staircase to the throne inside. So the goons walk up to the door and use thundermagic, aka magnetism (if they can i assume they can), to rip out the door, it flies to in front of them and the soldiers start shooting then the two goons rotate that shit vertically and send it flying inside killing everyone inside except the king who's on his little raised area. The goons walk in on the camera zooms out and and pans on the broken hinges and you can hear the king in the background pleading for his life then you see one of the goons just zap his head from far away and walk away. (also maybe Dalanet got guns from Befre, like originally, they make them now)

So now why would Frazier want Dalanet to fall? He made a deal with K'haal that for exchange for "godlike" powers that let him imitate the first man, aka a mastery of all the elements alongside whatever else we want to give him (this would imply khaal can give creation magic, if he can't we could make him sacrifice like 100 mages of each type except thunder because frazier is already one of the best at thunder). So for that K'haal would get Dalanet to fall, letting him expand his territory, and Frazier forms the "Everstorm" a raging thunderstorm that never stops and basically decimates whatever it touches because khaal wants more chaos in the world so he can spread his reign.

Frazier's trouble that he stirs up in Dalanet makes Gofa, Draco and Rakinji surf/fly/whatever over there and this leaves only MC, Toshi Redtree, Zoyana Fireblood, Leon maybe a few of the students and the mage and seamage people. So his "Everstorm" takes a little bit to brew so he tries to get Zengef as defenseless as possible. He has to form it in Zengef because it's the most mana-rich area he knows. He starts forming it the MC gets notified alongside his gang tries to stop it and fails. It's unleashed. Frazier starts doing whatever he's up to with his newfound powers, haven't thought that far yet, the Gofa, Draco, Rakinji gang get told of the Everstorm and leave Dalanet to stop it. MC and crew head to stop Frazier once and for all.

MC and crew fight with Frazier's goons and whatnot, overtime he stands alone or maybe with Washington and fights frazier, washington dies, frazier dies whatever. Gofa and gang coincidentally have the three best elements to stop a thunderstorm, water, thunder and air. Gofa dies heroically trying to stop it somehow, after Gofa dies Draco starts parrying the lightning with his own lightning and tells Rakinji to get behind him and loses to lightning and gets electrocuted while he laughs maniacally, before this he didn't like Rakinji cause Draco is very forward while Rakinji is cautious, Rakinji also has a bunch of students and Draco thinks he's doing the whole great master thing, oh and also his rivalry with Gofa makes Rakinji kinda dislike Draco and the feeling is mutual. Anyway Rakinji finishes the job alone and the Everstorm is cleared, he could also fail if we want to set up for PoF2 but i dont see who else could stop it.

At the end of the game after a few weeks we get a little cutscene of Toshi just chilling in his office and a man comes in saying they didnt find anything in Nolaka, or maybe the sword soul guy fought them off or maybe they found hama cik island instead and found nothing there, whatever the case they didnt learn life magic or find a practicioner to enslave and teach him. Toshi stands up and is like "I was afraid it was going to come to this" and the camera zooms out his window, past MC being a regular librarian (foreshadowing him becoming the head in like 2 years or whenever PoF2 is), past Draco's and Gofa's funeral ceremony and maybe Maian's and Joras's great master crowning, past villages and trees in the zengef countryside, past a port where you can see Danny stare in the direction of the sugori isles with determined eyes, perhaps past a lonely traveller aka Damon who somehow freed himself from the grasp of K'haal if we want to set up for that (if not he'd be in his tower or whatever), finally the camera slows down and moves past Mogot leading a prayer to like a mountain, it travels the mountain and then we see a shadowy figure (avatar of khaal) open his eyes. cut to black.