Catherine Tenos is the Magelord of the Tenos family, the second most influential of the Zengefian Magelords. She is also the mother of Zoyana Fireblood, born out of a marriage between her and the widowed Fangos Calidos, the Magelord of the Calidos family. As tradition for a Duke she kept her surname. Catherine is a 61 (2935PD) year old woman with flaming red hair and orange streaks, but is an Allmage rather than a Firemage. As a prominent Magefamily the Tenos are responsible for the aptly named city, Tenos. Alongside the city, they also defend and manage the taxes and trade of the local villages. Catherine herself spends most time solving disputes between merchants and common folk, a large contrast to her youth which she spent adventuring around the continent.

Catherine was born very wealthy but was not satisfied with her life as the daughter-heir to the Duchy of Tenos, she felt it restrained her. On her 16th birthday, Moribus Tenos, a renowned adventuer known for his years-long expeditions sailed to Tenos to celebrate. Catherine convinced her grandfather Moribus, who himself run away from home young, to take her with him on their next adventure. The ship sailed around the world for a decade, visiting Befre, the Sugori Isles, Chess Island, Bauland and even Terranica. On one of those adventures, the crew saved young Huff Perkot who was alone on the open sea, he later became the General of the Mage Army of Zengef. After having her fill of adventuring, Catherine decided it was time to return to her Duchy. She came back as a distinguished adventurer as part of Moribus's crew. After her father died, Catherine showed a very strong dedication to her duties as the Duchess of Tenos and her previous lifestyle is almost unrecognizable for all who only came to know her after her return. She married the Calidos family not for love but to gain a foothold in High Enkefen politics.

Although when she began her adventure Catherine's mage abilities were average at best for a Magelord's child, they quickly grew through the dangerous trial that adventuring proved. Her specialty is versatility and quick thinking, where an average mage might resort to the same move to a counter an attack, every single one of Catherine's moves is quickly calculated to be the most effective on offense and defense. She is also extremely skilled at keeping her distance, something she learnt dealing with the monstrously big animals of Bauland. One of the attacks Catherine developed on her own is to transform whatever ranged attack is flying at her into wind and send it flying back at the enemy, of course this does not work for steel or other hard to transform materials. In those situations Catherine will try to position herself in such a way where she can send her own projectile that both destroys the incoming projectile and serves as a counterattack. While being an Allmage, Catherine is not equally talented in all elements, she is particulary powerful in Windmagic and weaker in Earthmagic. She attributes these deficiencies to her rather low mana capacity due to only beginning dedicated practice in her late teens.

A recent event that has impacted Catherine's rather mundane life for the past 30 years is her discovering Huff Perkot was the shipwrecked kid from her adventures so long ago. She has connected with him over their adventuring days and has since began an affair with the General. If her involvement with Huff was to be discovered it is likely she would be deposed as Zengefians take their marriage vows very seriously. She would have to live the rest of her life either in shame as a minor lord in Tenos or adventuring, something her weary bones will not take kindly to. However, aside from the affair, Catherine is living quite a fulfilled and content life. She excorcised her wildside through the decade of adventuring, although some of it has still remained, and is seen as a capable and kind Magelord.