Egref Lecti is the Chancellor of the National Academy and a talented Windmage. She was once the student of Rakinji Windblood but decided to pursue a political position 20 (2976PD) years ago. Egref is 46, of Zengefian descent, petite and usually wears her hair in a traditional wide-brimmed Zengefian hair bun. She is not particularly famous, it is only within the scholarly Enkefian community that she is well-regarded as the biggest benefactor to developing mage-science in all of Zengef.

Before she became the Chancellor, Egref had vastly different aspirations for her life. The Lecti family were the Magelords of Undatif and Egref's father was the Duke of Carielam. They had no other heirs so Egref was bound to inherit the title. She was raised to appeal to the standards of a Magelord lady and despite the demanding lessons, she quite enjoyed it. On the 4th Feastday of 2972PD, the Lecti mansion grounds were being used as the host site for the ceremonial Smolderings, when the Malus, a rival noble family in Carielam, used the burnings as a cover to burn the Lecti treasury. The hired men of the Malus were caught and confessed to who hired them and subsequently the family was exiled from the United Nations of Volin. Unfortunately for the Lecti, despite the Malus failing in their mission, they significantly weakened the Magelords of Undatif. The Lecti managed to hold on a few years, until the unrest caused by Lafef's Coup caused riots and the Prasedi ruled to replace them with Duke Loisotto. While not exiled, the family was already struggling before they were deposed and so they decided to settle down as a much lesser family in Tafos. Egref had her life unceremoniously ripped away from her as her decades of studying to become a Duchess became useless. With the blessing of her parents, she set out for High Enkefen and decided to learn under the new Windblood.

Possessing almost no real-life combat experience, Egref's fighting capabilities are quite limited. Under Rakinji she was taught professional Windmagic and in an official mandated fight she was far from last, but Egref was always much more interested in the practical applications of Magic. Designing mechanisms that operate on Windmagic became a passion for Egref after her move to High Enkefen, whether it is doors that can be remotely opened, candles that can be ignited and reignited or even lifts. Egref only designed things in her own spare time, until one day her secretary brought a device that was found lying on the National Academy's campus. A disk that could allow a Windmage to much easier control their flight and clearly a prototype, fascinated by this discovery Egref decided to find the designer. As she continued her search, she discovered of a massive community of designers found in the poorer districts of High Enkefen. These people were making devices that could help them excel in their daily life. Seeing the amount of wasted talent, with her high status as the Chancellor, Egref decided to form the Guild of Magic-Technology & Design where she recruits talents found in Zengef indiscriminately of their situation, pays them and helps them thrive. They are responsible for most of the recent military advances in mage-combat.

While a huge part of her life is the Guild, Egref is also the Chancellor of the National Academy, a position she came to after a decade of hard work. She is mostly occupied with paperwork that involves managing disputes, admitting special students and funding from the Prasedi. The special students of the National Academy are those that are exempt from paying tuition fees or attending lectures, they are mostly chosen from those who already show significant talent to boost the reputation of the school. Some notable examples of past special students are Dimid Flumen, Gofa Waterblood and Damon Ransata. Egref is responsible for admitting these students and ensuring their talent is tended to. The biggest joy to her life, is when a special student of hers blooms into a famous mage, and so Egref is content to play a siderole.