The Mole was the mafia BOSS in the tunnel city of Aronka, a Zengefian born and old, bold short man. He smuggled guns, explosives and slaves into Zengef then later sold them in the Mercaju black market. Well known by the residents, as he cordoned off tunnels with hench bodyguards. The corrupt authorities of Aronka would not investigate, but when outside agents were sent, his base was moved using purely Earthmagic. The Mole would never engage in direct combat, he would instead dissapear into the tunnel system when openly threatened and plot his revenge. Was killed by Lafef Earthblood who brought order to the city 2969PD.

Carnof, the White Yeti, was a feared six century old Yeti who lived in the peaked Catarac mountains on the Unim-Tafos border. He was the apex predator within his territory for so long, the animals around naturally de-evolved their magical potency to avoid his detection. Not much of a threat to humans, as it stayed mostly in it's territory, it was hunted by Arengash Earthblood before he earned his title. The Yeti specialised in camoflauge and quick killing shots with icicles, only turning to physical combat with it's half a ton, 10 foot body when absolutely necessary. Only slightly smarter than an ape, Arengash tracked it by leaving sticky sand in it's cavenest and ambushing it in a safer, more open location.

Allen, the Deranged, was an Unim nomad and Treefather of the Karas of Glowing Dusk. He led his Karas, which numbered 4,000 strong over half of which were men trained in killing. One of the strongest Karas's of the time, they travelled through Pulfes peacefully for reasons never known and stopped in Carielam, specifically Undatif. The preaching of a local mage set the normally calm Allen into a frenzy, and he ordered the priest killed. The town guard who tried to apprehend Allen were then killed by his Karas and the city was captured accidentally. Arengash, who heard of his Karas visiting Zengef, was in Undatif when this happened and so gathered the strongest mages in the city and massacred his Karas until the ones left lost the will to fight.

Lakiffi "Black Gun", was the leader of a major gun smuggler/modifier group named "The Black Gun Mafia" often abbreviated to Black Guns. They originated in Dalanet but were forced out by a coalition of legal gunsmiths including "Blackbarrels", "Blinding Hands" and "Sons of the Living Flame". Lakiffi moved his base of operations to Tafos, Mercaju. He himself fought using magic-guns and was secretly a strong Firemage. Only if caught in an absolute pinch would he fire his guns without pulling the trigger via Firemagic. He also specialised in illusions and distortions with Firemagic, such as creating a wall of flame to distort the eye of a marskman or steam to cover himself. He laid low for almost a year but his inexorable greed eventually saw him scale up his operations in Zengef. He was caught by Kalissa Fireblood and his head was brought to Dalanet which began the Dalanet-Zengef peace treaty negotations.

Rainbane, was a Watermage and Zengefian born tall man who's true name, similar to his motivations, is unknown. He began his evil machinations by poisoning wells in Tenos, entire villages suddenly turned sick. After a few villages he refined his poison to a terrifying deadliness. Six villages in the Tenos countryside were almost completely wiped out before Rainbane was forced to flee due to an extensive effort by the Prasedi to root him out. He is believed to have hidden in the Catarac mountains. After a few years of inaction Rainbane released his namesake, a cloud of poisonous rain that killed not only crops it touched but men who ingested it on accident. The effort to catch him was resumed, and despite his elusiveness he was eventually caught and killed by Zoyana Tenos who was returning from her training with the Dancing Swords.

Mellisa Waterblood, "The Blue Lady", was a traitor to Zengef who attempted a coup for Dalanet. Her fighting style was very cunning and sneaky, as she primarily fought with hidden ice-daggers and traps such as the icespike or instant-freeze prepared ahead of time. The coup intended to sneak two hundred Dalanet soldiers into Castle Prasedi. It was caught ahead of time by Arengash Earthblood and Mellisa was trialled and executed on the gallows. The Seven Powers of Dalanet blamed one of their own and he was promptly deposed. In secret however, this was a coup planned by Dalanet, a precusor to the Invasion of Tenos, and the blamee should it go awry was planned ahead of time. Jak Loisotto, the Duke of Enkefen who was a cousin to Mellisa, quickly hid his connection after her death and now only the secret histories within the Eternal Library mention it.

Acuti "Redsnake" is the leader of "Fallen Mages", a recent bandit group which takes in exclusively mages down on their luck. They operate in Pulfes and only continue to exist, despite the general prickliness that a gathering of mages brings, due to Acuti's force of personality. Not crazy, but often acting it to intimidate, Acuti keeps a lifelike flamesnake during combat, seemingly coming out of his back it writhes around and can snap as quickly as a whip. When necessary, Acuti will bring the flamesnake close to his arm and solidify it with Earthmagic into an elongated magma-hot sharp spike "attached" to his arm, with this he can cut even metal. Not currently a threat, the Fallen Mages are however growing rapidly as tensions rise in Zengef.

August Jacks, the "Unfettered One" is the creator of the rebel group "Freemages": Who believe in the existence of additional elements beyond the base five described in "Unified Magic Theory". He is of Manokian descent, described as a greedy fat merchant by those who knew him before his cult began. His powers came on suddenly and are extremely mysterious, such as the ability to create faint illusions of light, predict any ambush set for him and travel between the duchies of Zengef at impossible speeds. The Freemages were not seen as a significant presence until a riot in Undatif 2991PD, which wrecked a majority of the city. The riot was stopped by Rakinji Windblood, who extinguished the flames and echoed his voice to all corners of the city.