write the coup as a seperate entity, and the Lafef book as everything up until the coup
describes what happened during the coup but not it's repercussions since that's in History
write on frazier influence?
Infis Loisotto was not replaced, the president of the time and got away somehow
Toshi Redtree was involved

Lafef Coup Short Story from Icaff Vifon POV
- Kallisa dies

As Icaff climbed to the Prasedi Tier of High Enkefen he wondered about his upcoming meeting with Gofa Waterblood. Would he finally be able to convince him to take him on as a student? He agreed to the meeting so he had to, right? This musing is getting me nowhere, he mused, I should show him that I have what it takes, not think about it! After all the reason Waterblood didn't want him is because of his slow and methodical nature. "You Icaff, are a man of many thoughts but little action", the line thundered in his head. Blasted man.

"Waterboy!" he heard a familiar shout from the castle battlements.
"Hey Kallisa, what are you doing up there?" he bellowed back.
"Just showing these guards a few tricks". Made sense, Kallisa *loved* to show off. as he was about to comment on it, she hurled off the battlements with a backflip. Towards the ground, 30 meters away. Despite seeing this many times before, Icaff held his breath. At the last moment Kallisa was consumed in a fiery blaze. No that was inaccurate, she *became* the blaze which spread across the dry, cracked ground. Then just as quickly Icaff saw the flame converge unto itself and turn back into Kallisa. The ground remained slightly singed.

"You really do love to show off don't you." She flashed him a slight smile but otherwise didn't acknowledge his comment. "What are you doing *here* waterboy?". Of course Kallisa Fireblood didn't use his actual name, really she behaved more like his younger sister than a living legend, The Blazebuster. Known for her, frankly, insane barehand fighting style and aged beauty. Distinguishable by inky black hair and carved wooden hair-rack styled with flames that held her hair in four distinct spheres. 

"I'm going to meet with Gofa again, I'm hoping to-"
"Again? Even after last time?"
"I got his permission this time." He shivered slightly, he did *not* want to go through that again.
"Wish you goodluck then waterboy" She paused for a few moments seeming to study him. The moment seemed awkward but Icaff was unsure how to fill it.

"Actually I'll go with you, he won't throw you off again if I'm with you" A smile bloomed on Icaff's face unwillingly. She really did care! They began a steady pace towards the castle's inner section. Odd that's where Gofa agreed to meet him, he most often spent his days in the Goblet alongside the other Great Masters. Not my place to question anyway. The phrase "little action" repeated in his head. As they trudged along, why did the castle have to be so big, they stumbled upon a familiar face. Was he going to run into every Great Master today? And what was he doing studying the sky?

"Tomin, what a chance meeting. I was just taking waterboy to Gofa. Do you want to join us? He's quite the mage, he might even be Waterblood one day. It's good to make connections don't you think?" an onslaught of words came from Kallisa but only received a slight amused exhalation from Tomin. A silence descended upon the party as Tomin refocused on the sky. After a few brief moments he shook his head slightly and responded. "Kallisa, Icaff. Be wary, I can sense a storm coming" In this weather? One of his Sugori superstitions perhaps. "A storm? What do you mean Tomin?" Suprisingly Kallisa took the past pirate's word seriously. "I don't know. Something's off about the weather, just be careful okay?" with that ominous reply he made his journey towards the entrance of the castle.

A quiet mood descended upon the two of them as they continued towards the inner section. Icaff was desperately trying to think of a joke to lighten the mood when he saw the castle cloak itself in shadow. What is that? A big boom sounded and suddenly the castle erupted in thunder.

Icaff slowly felt his concioussness return to him. Muffled shouts filled his ears. His nose was assaulted with a pungent smell. After he sicked up Icaff took a deep breath and began studying the castle. No, the battlefield. Fireballs, thunderbolts, boulders and icicles were flying everywhere. He spotted a tower guard, with their distinctive tower insignia on their left arm, fighting other tower guards. A coup? But why would there be a coup? And why am I thinking about this now, I need to get to action and help! He looked about and recognized one of the tower guards fighting near him. Jone Kenef. Jone saw him aswell and the moment of suprise cost him greatly as a flying metal coin pierced his heart. He always teased Icaff alongside Kallisa.

All thoughts left his head. Carefuly he began Infusing the air around him focused on the disguised tower guard, some mages did this step automatically but Icaff was particular. The air began distorting slightly as it was Held by his Infusion, prevented from moving by his magic. It was ready to be Transformed, it was possible to Transform first and Hold later but it was not how Icaff was taught. He could choose any of the five elements: water, earth, fire, air or thunder. This occasion merited his best and so a ball of pure water, two palms wide, formed where the air once was. Icaff hurled it at his opponent with a tremendous speed. As the ball flew the mage must have sensed it and dodged to the side. The waterball uselessly crashed into the wall with a splash.

"The First Man sends assasins after me now, is he too afraid to face me himself?" the tower guard rambled. The First Man? Was this man insane? His crazed eyes certainly indicated so. Icaff began preparing another waterball to capitalise on the enemy's momentary distraction. Hold. Infuse. Transf-. A pain sprouted in Icaff's side and he heard a soft wizz as a metal coin Infused with mana  exited him a centimeter away from his heart. "You're lucky assasin, I was aiming for your heart". It seemed the man was addressing him directly this time. Icaff responded despite the burning pain, hoping to buy a moment of time. "I'm no assasin". He took a deep breath. "But I will kill you". "So the assasin can speak" the man responded curtly, then raised his hand palm pointed towards Icaff. The man Created a small red dot almost instaenously. The pain overwhelmed Icaff and he realised he was going to die today. Kill him? What was he thinking, he had to run away not fight! Instead he stood paralyzed and saw the dot extend into a laser. It flew towards him at a tremendous speed. A precise instrument only used to kill that left no time to dodge. As it flew towards him Icaff accepted his fate.

A rock struck him from his right side and toppled him to the ground narrowly avoiding the laser. He fell on his wound and screamed in agony. "A divine intervention! The First Man's shows his hand again" The deranged man blathered in the background as Kallisa, his savior, adressed him "I'll handle this waterboy." She paused and Icaff could see the concern in her eyes battling duty. "I see your wounds but you have to do something for me. Run off and tell Falala that I've organised the Great Masters to meet at the gate. She'll know what to do". Duty won. The rock-hard face of Castle General Falala flashed in his mind. Kallisa was not attacking the man during his bout and eventually the rambling stopped while Icaff was mustering strength to standup. The air was tense as the two fighters stared at each other. A small fireball launched from Kallisa's palm that was easily sidestepped and then the fighting truly began.

Kallisa charged the Blackcoat. She knew he was an elite member of The Court, a longlasting organisation that has began stirring recently. Metal coins rushed past her, she dodged some and blocked others with crude Earthmagic rocks. The organisations motives were unknown, well until now. A coup such as this though... There hasn't been an event of this scale since the conclusion of the Dalanet war. Icaff was beginning to shuffle slowly in the corner of her vision, she hoped the talented boy was okay. A laser extended from the Blackcoat's hand and the man swung his hand in an arc, hoping to cut Kallisa's legs from her chest in one swoop. A rock wasn't going to stop this and so she employed her signature technique. An extremely risky manueveur but one that she has perfected. A moment before the laser touched her, Kallisa's whole body became fire. She was in an ethereal state, incapable of vision but capable of thought. She felt a pull towards the Unknown, but resisted as she always had. After an indeterminate amount of time to her but only a moment in reality Kallisa reformed into her flesh self.

As she came back she saw the man's eyes widen slightly but unexpectedly he stayed silent and reached into his coat pocket. Kallisa seized the opportunity and sent out her fastest attack, a small ball of flame that expanded exponentially as it flew. She was unsure how she made it expand, it just came naturally. Nothing in Unified Magic Theory mentioned such a thing. The enormous ball made contact with the Blackcoat and burnt him to a crisp.

Kallisa turned around to lecture Icaff. "That's what a moment of distraction can cost y-". She stopped as she saw a waterball furiously forming and the terror in Icaff's eyes. Kallisa turned around with a blaze. The dead man's laser missed her neck and cut clean through her arm instead. In the same moment Icaff's waterball hit her fire and created a hiss as steam clouded her vision of the Blackcoat. How could the Blackcoat possibly be alive, she saw him die as sure as anyone she charred in the past. Could he be a Firemage in secret? "THE FIRST MAN WILL NOT STOP ME SO EASILY" he roared. She lay flat on the floor as the man began cutting up the steam with indiscriminate lasers. Her severed arm rested in a small ditch nearby. There was no point worrying about the loss of her writing hand, she had to save her life.


- She felt a pull towards the unknown. It was weak, perhaps it knew she would join them soon.
- Frazier has lasers
- Yaps about the first man
- Icaff intrevenes when Kallisa gets tricked