Toshi Redtree is a Janaitan 72y old man who took over the position as the Head of the Eternal Library 15 years ago (2981PD, 662SR) when the previous head, Damon Ransata, went missing. He is tall with large amber eyes, a distinguishing trait of the Janaitans, and a grey tied ponytail. Toshi is one of the few who are called Allmages, capable of using all 5 of the elements, to a very proficient degree. He believes the balance of the elements, is necessary to create a powerful mage, and often has disputes with Gofa Waterblood over this topic.

Toshi was born scholastically inclined, as most Janaitans. He wanted to go to Stoneland and serve in the Bureau of Education but when his magical talent was revealed in his early years, his parents decided it was too risky. They homeschooled Toshi and he became somewhat of a ghost child, unknown by the other children of the village. At 20, Toshi became quite a capable and learned mage, spending most of his time practicing magic or reading books. He had already read all the books available in the village and so he decided to travel to the City of Knowledge, Zishan. The city has three massive libraries, that all used to be run independently but eventually the Governor of Zishan delegated different duties to each library. Qansho, became the Library of History where all the histories of the many nations were kept. Ponsati, was named the Library of Stories, where old stories, some even thousands of years old are stored. Finally, Sinate developed into the Library of Script, the only library not available to the public, it gathered any business or government documents. 

Toshi became a librarian in Qansho, and spent most of his time learning more about the beginnings of magic. Often when the books were insufficient, he travelled the world interviewing the locals on their passed down stories and finding knowledge long forgotten. After 23 years (2968PD) in Qansho, Toshi's reputation had spread enough for the Stoneland Empire to hear of it, and so he was pursued by the Order of the Stone. He sought refuge in Zengef, one of the nations where the Order of the Stone would not dare step into. In Zengef, Toshi became a librarian in the Eternal Library and continued his explorations. After 12 years (2980PD), Damon Ransata went missing. The Prasedi was looking for an apt replacement, a powerful Allmage as was tradition for centuries past. Toshi was well-known as a talented Allmage in all of Volin at this point and already a librarian in the Eternal Library, and so he applied for the position and after some tests received it.

Known as the most powerful Allmage on Volin, Toshi specialises in combining his mastery of the elements to take the rare opponent that wants to fight him by suprise. He is capable of flying, although not as quickly as most other Windmages capable of it, and uses this to remain untouchable by melee combatants, raining a hail of ice, wind and earth spikes at the opponent. When caught unaware on the ground he will create a wall of steam that burns anyone around him and protect himself using Windmagic. If punching someone Toshi coats his arm in stone or ice to enhance his force and in an absolute pinch will coat a part of his body if an unavoidable projectile is flying towards him. Toshi's most deadly technique-attack is named "Thunder's Fury". He flies high up and forms his own thundercloud, striking his enemies with thunder and sharp Infused rain from above. Sometimes he flies down and uses his more traditional attacks to occupy the opponents.

After serving as the Head of the Eternal Library for 15 years, Toshi has no plans to retire and intends to continue his duty until he dies. His parents are long dead, and the only people he considers his family are his fellow librarians. Due to his old age, he has stopped adventuring, although he is sending men to find the island of Nolaka, which is rumoured to be able to restore youth. Toshi is not too upset however if it is found and the rumours are false, or it is never found before he dies. He feels he has lived a long and fulfilling life, only regretting never marrying and having heirs to continue the family name.

NOTES:
Make him not focus so much on his silly little library