Kan Marero, is the Seaking of the Seamages and is located on Seastorm Island. Kan has a careful, almost paranoid style that has helped him stay alive as the Seaking for 37 years (2959PD, 640SR). He has lived to 67, and has long since balded. Now he always wears a self-made styled wig, whether it's lushious water locks or a spiky icy mullet. His cape is similarly made of ice or water depending on his mood that particular day. Kan is well-known for his utilitarian terrifying fighting style, never fighting outside of the open seas where he can utilise his Watermagic to the fullest.

Kan was born and raised on Seastorm Island, to a family of fishermen. His mother, father, sister and brothers all went into the trade and even the children helped. But Kan wasn't having it. An old story, that is passed down among the Seamages goes that when Kan was only 8 he hid in a barrel on a merchant's ship and sailed all around Volin before he was returned by the Seamages. In reality, he only got 3km offshore before being fed up with the smell of fish in his barrel and revealing himself. Of course Kan promotes this myth, never outright stating whether it's true or false. When he was returned his family realised that forcing him down a fisherman's path would never work for Kan, he had too much of an adventorous spirit. They decided to save up and enroll him in what was every young boy's fantasy, the Seamage Academy, idly hoping it would also teach him some discipline. He was enrolled at the age of 14 and distinguished himself over the course of 16 years, slowly rising in rank until he became the Seaking.

Almost entirely useless on land, never learning much of Creation or the other elements, Kan will only fight on the oceans. Dretchers, criminal Sugori or any odd pirates will flee upon seeing the Golden Pearl on the Magna Navis. They can catch up to any ship using the Masters of Wind division. Kan's second in command, holding both the title of The Second and Minister of Wind is Lank Follas. Lank was once a serious contender for the title of Windblood after Tomin's Windblood's death, he joined the Seamages when Rakinji won the election and rose to his title very quickly. When the Magna Navis does inevitably catch up to the ship, often no fighting is needed for the enemies to surrender, but if they do wish to try for their freedom their doom is quick. The Seaking works alongside the League of Destroyers, commonly known as Wreckers, to penetrate a ship's hull and sink it, if their attacks are defended they will lift the ship with a massive icepillar or turn it into water outright. If those options are also somehow unavailable, the Seamages own a small specialised team of specialised Firemages, named the Hands of Fire officially but more commonly known as Blazers, that are incredibly effective at making sure their fire catch. Once all else fails, they will attempt indirect methods that also put the Magna Navis in danger such as creating a whirlpool or summoning a storm. Even if the ship manages to escape from all this, they are not safe yet, the Seamages and especially the Magna Navis see failure to sink a target as shameful. The target will be pursued relentlessly until they are inevitably caught.

During the reign of the Blood Scourge on the oceans of Zengef, the Seamages failed to stop them as the few times they caught Hegma she used the knowledge of their tactics to defend herself and dissapear. This is still a massive blot on Kan's name that saw the Seamages name used as an insult for the next decade. Kan has worked hard to dispel this reputation and to show the Blood Scourge was a one time incident, this has mostly succeeded except in the most terrorised villages where the Seamages failure is still cursed. Kan dumps most of his paperwork to Lank Follas, who himself gives it to his right-hand man. They both spend almost no time on Seastorm Island, preferring to travel on the Magna Navis and sinking any stray Dretchers unlucky enough to be found on their path.

NOTES:
move exposition