The Seamages are an army found on Seastorm Island, south of Enkefen. They are strictly sea-based due to the Formation Pact and the whole fleet, known as the Armada, numbers over five hundred ships. The leader is known as the Seaking, currently Kan Marero a paranoid, utilitarian and often to his own detriment, adventerous man. He commands the Armada, is responsible for strategy and personally leads the Magna Navis, the largest ship within Zengef. His right-hand man, Lank Follas, a Babadosi man with an afro assists him, handling most of the paperwork, and holds the position of The Second. The Seamages fly the flag of Zengef alongside the symbol of the Seamages, the Golden Pearl, a fist clutching a golden pearl that shines through the fingers on a navy blue background. 

Within the ranks of Seamages is a strict hierachy, under The Second are the eleven Admirals which govern between twenty to eighty ships each, then are the Commodores that are in charge of three to ten ships and below even that, though still a decorated rank, are Captains which command each individual ship. Lieuteunants then organise the regular mage soldiers which engage in fighting, simply known as Shipmen or Seamages. These Shipmen however are no simple sailors, each is a mage with at least moderate ability in Watermagic. They use rifles, magical imported from Dalanet and regular designs, and are trained in martial combat. Organised magic is lead by Lieuteunants resulting in devastating effects to ships in their way, such as an icepillar that traps the ship, an instaenous unavoidable iceberg forming or a sudden whirpool, storm or tsunami created. Propelling gales to crash at a ferocious speed is the most common tactic however, due to it's cheap mana expense. Each new recruit in the Seamages starts from the bottom and works their way up, although in practice noble rank and coin can accelerate your career sharply.

The League of Destroyers, Wreckers, are a group of specialised Earthmages, tasked with sinking enemy ships spotted. Often coordinated earthquakes, underwater earth pillars or a hail of stone spikes is used to damage the hull. They are lead by Evesa Minas an annoying, ruthless but systematic woman. Her official title is Lead Destroyer but many call her Head Wrecker or Miss Shipwreck due to her destructive history. She is also Panon Minas's blood sister, a talented student of Leon Earthblood. Evesa has authority over the Wreckers of the Magna Navis aswell as command over Exalted Destroyers, The Five or the Exalted for short, which command large fleets. Officer Destroyers, who order Wreckers on individual ships, are under the Five's command and use Earthmagic to destroy enemy ships.

Another specialised team, although not as celebrated, are the Hands of Fire or simply Blazers. They are directed by Silent Ron, a man of unknown origin, even his real name is unconfirmed. Ron worked his way up over the course of two decades, while often not speaking once in a full work day. He commands the Fingers of Flame, four gifted Firemages in charge of large fleets. Directly under the Fingers are Flame Officers assigned to a single ship and in charge of Blazers. The Hands of Fire are trained extensively to ensure they don't catch their own ship on fire, yet despite that are still quite despised by the other groups within Seamages. Tales of a Blazer accident that wiped out a whole fleet centuries ago spread like wildfire among the new recruits. Alongside Firemagic to burn enemy ships, Blazers will learn a little of Windmagic to spread the flames more efficiently. They are also responsible for lighting the Meteor Cannons, which fire a ball of molten rock, lit up by the Blazer as it fires.

The third and final specialised team, Masters of Wind, are lead by The Second, Lank Follas. His official title within this hierachy is Minister of Wind although it's rarely used to refer to him. As an outgoing, smart and funny guy most of the Seamages use his real name or The Second when formality is necessary. Officers of Wind number seven and are the equivalent of the Fingers of Flame and Exalted Destroyers for the Masters of Wind. Shipguides, act as both the navigator for a specific ship, aswell as the captain of a team of Windpushers, who control the speed of the ship aswell as it's direction. Alongside those duties, Windpushers control the weather when necessary to clear or redirect a storm against an enemy.

Seastorm Island, the HQ of the Seamages is an isolated rock island with a sharp hill in the middle locally referred to as Rockpoint. It contains the Seamage Academy, used to train new recruits. Not many regular villages live there, only the bare necessity which can leave if they desire, due to the biweekly floods known as the Skytide. The architechture is constructed to withstand this flood, but the citizens still keep their belongings in a special room found in each house known as the stormlocker when it comes. Then they evacuate to the top of the island, Rockpoint, until the Skytide is over. An oddity on the island, is Cursestone Prison, which is the most secure prison within Zengef, heavily using soulstone in it's design to lock up even the most powerful mages. The official religion practiced on the island is Fuyanism, but there is a strong belief among the Seamages and residents in Fogus, the first Watermage. One of the original disciples of the First Man, they hold him responsible for the "mood" of the seas and bless or curse his name depending on the tide.

Over time the role of the Seamages has changed with the needs of the Zengef. In the current day, Kan Marero, primarily patrols the shores of Zengef aside from the Vitaf River, he hunts any smugglers or ships engaging in illicit activites he spots. In the past Seakings have explored Bauland, sometimes unsuccessfully such as Eofan "Trenchship" who led half the Armada in an "invasion" of Bauland. They never returned. Other Seakings have placed a greater emphasis on invasions such as Kan Marero's predecessor, Janea "Stormleader" which led a failed invasion of Dalanet in retaliation of the Invasion of Tenos. The most celebrated Seaking, from over four centuries ago, is Steamgun Nive. An excellent shot at any distance he was named after his always puffing sniper, though he was also well-known for his skill with a kukri blade. Nive's greatest achievement is twice defending a sixty strong Ruu demon scouting party, with only fifteen and twelve ships respectively. Belief in his abilities was so overwhelming, the Prasedi did not deem it necessary to inform the general Zengefian population of the threat