Huff Perkot is the General of the Mage Army of Zengef, more commonly referred to simply as The General. He is 47, a powerful Firemage, extremely extravagant and boisterous. Huff was once a student of the late Kallisa Fireblood. He turned down succeeding Kallisa after her death in Lafef's Coup when he was offered the position 22 years ago (2974PD) to instead become the General of the newly formed Mage Army of Zengef. Huff is 211cm tall, extremely tall even for a Zengefian, he has grey whiskers, grey hair and a perpetually taut face on which he always wears sunglasses to protect his eyes. He owns a pet pheonix, which he named Max that he rides and fights on.

Huff himself does not know much of his childhood, he is clearly Zengefian but his earliest memories are on a merchant ship. He spent a few years with the merchants, until he was 11 and they were shipwrecked by the Blood Scourge. After a few days of being stranded at sea on a piece of plywood, Huff was picked up by a group of ship-going adventurers. They were travelling to Bauland and so Huff found himself on the strange continent inhabited by large beasts. After being seperated for an extended period of time by a volcano's eruption, the adventurers belived Huff dead and sailed back to Zengef. He survived by foraging until one day he found and befriended a stray pheonix, who was curiously not in a group of three otherwise known as a blaze. Huff learnt to communicate with the pheonix, whom he named Max. He flew back to Zengef on Max's back. Once in Zengef, the skills Huff learnt living in the jungle translated to a very capable Firemage and so Kallisa Fireblood who heard about this mysterious youth decided to take him on as a student. From there Huff proved himself worthy, and when Kallisa was murdered he was one of the primary canditates for Fireblood. The Prasedi required a capable mage and strategician to serve as the General of the Mage Army of Zengef however. Huff who was a natural leader and had the advantage of being able to survey his enemy from above easily with the help of Max was chosen.

It is rare that the General has to engage in combat, but if necessary Huff is prepared. He is always either accompanied by or flying Max from which he can easily circle his opponent and rain down fire. He is no pushover on the ground either though. Huff specialises in incredible firepower, learnt from his pheonix, he is capable of sustaining a flame continuosly until even steel melts. Alongside firepower he has perhaps the greatest control of the flame in living times, Huff can regulate his flame precisely enough that one of his party tricks is to pretend to stick his hand inside a torch but come out unburnt. Overwhelming power, precise control and a mobility advantage with the help of Max makes him an extremely tough opponent. Unfortunately the other elements mysteriously do not easily come at all to Huff, in a fight using any other element he could be beaten by even the weakest student of the National Academy.

Despite being quite rambunctious, Huff is willing to do what is necessary for his position and does not often delegate excessively to the Vice General, Luxi Bellam, cousin to the Duke of Bellam and a friend of Huff's ever since their days as students of Kallisa Fireblood. Alongside Luxi, Huff is good friends with the adventurers who survived to today and unintentionally abandoned him many years ago. One of the adventurers turned out to be Catherine Tenos, who run away from home and once she returned became the Duchess of Tenos. Huff is currently dating Catherine, which is an affair for her. They are both extremely careful to keep this quiet but a scandal is likely to break out in the near future.

NOTES:
Add indingenous people to this? also his leader was moribius + blood scourge didnt exist + tenos book dont exist so add htat
Add that he lead the Battle of Thousand Flames
Was like I'm not gonna take the position of General if you don't let me take Luxi Bellam and eventually the Prasedi allowed it and she turned out to be quite good but before she was like a daydreamer character that's why evne though she was kalissa student