The Mage Army of Zengef was established six months after Lafef's Coup. It's creation broke an agreement within the Formation Pact, that no "Army that could threaten the peace between the two nations" could be formed. It consists of Noble Squads and four duchy regiments, which contain one to three commander regiments. Each regiment is lead by a commander and has roughly six-thousand soldiers. Pulfes has the most commander regiments, three, they have over twenty-thousand men in total and are lead by Icaff Vifon, Boomrock Epi and Uragos Cupid. Tenos and Tafos have two commander regiments each, lead by: Fat Klaus, Pistol Preston and Tsukan Shiki, Caffy Pulso respectively. Enkefen has only one commander regiment led by the Rumble Knight, when the army was formed it possessed three. Two commander regiments were moved to Pulfes, and the HQ was moved to Castellum Fort, as the situation around Lafef's Coup calmed down and a new problem concerning the Stoneland raids arose.

Each Commander has an Assistant Commander, who's responsibility is to strategise whereas the Commanders lead in battle and serve as the image of the Mage Army. Lamentably, many Commanders die in battle because of this. It's uncommon for one to last longer than a decade, within the current eight only Icaff Vifon has. Captains are the rank below a Commander, the amount of Captains is based on the individual commander but there are usually eight to twelve. Each Captain on average commands six hundred to a thousand soldiers, called a company. Eight to twelve Chiefs will command platoons, of up to a hundred soldiers, within the company. Within the platoon are Officers which are in charge of mage squads that hold five to fifteen men. Some mage squads are divided by element while others are diverse, it is dependant on the the individual Chief and Officer. Certain Officers command their mage squad totally, aiming all their mage fire, while others give general orders.

Huff Perkot "Pheonix General" is the General of the Mage Army of Zengef, he has absolute command of all Commanders and Noble Squads. Huff is the first General due to the army's short existence, and has no plans on retiring for the forseeable future. The duties of a General are to strategise and lead in battle. Often, there is a lot of paperwork involved, which Huff presents to his right hand "man", the Vice General Luxi Bellam. She is a quiet, subdued person who is in love with Huff. Unfortunately she can only admire him from afar. Luxi's combat capabilities are quite low, she begun learning late and so her mana capcaity is diminished. She makes the best she can of her circumstances however, focusing on firing precise, efficient attacks and dodging enemy attacks rather than blocking.

Noble Squads exist outside the regular hierachy of the Mage Army. They can only be given direct orders by the General or Vice General, though Commander's requests hold a lot of sway with many Noble Officers. There are currently fifty-four of them, each heading a Noble Squad consisting of two hundred men on average. All Noble Squads have been donated by Magelords as an established unit, because of this they are much more specialised and often fulfill a specific function. It is common for a young heir to serve as a Noble Officer, as a way to prepare them for rule. They were created as a way to butter up Magelord's ego and allow them to help defend Pulfes with the Mage Army, and to avoid unnecessary spies being sent by Magelord's into the main ranks. The Nobles loyalty does generally lie with their Magelord, and they can thereotically be recalled to their respective Magelord, this does not happen often. 

Dimid Flumen, cousin to Duke Andrew, is the longest lasting Noble Officer, joining at the conception of the Mage Army. He specialises in combining Watermagic and Firemagic, especially interested in steam Dimid is known as the Skinmelter. He was once a much more laidback person. Since his capture in a Stoneland Prison after the Battle of Rising Moon, then subsequent escape, Dimid has become a cruel and ruthless person.