The Rumble Knight, named Gofa Murmufi, is the resident Commander of the Mage Army of Zengef stationed in High Enkefen. Gofa is exactly 30 (2966PD) years old and a Thundermage, like almost all powerful Thundermages he originates from Clifftown. Gofa is unlucky, in that he was born right before Draco Thunderblood was elected and picked Maian as his student and too late to become a student of Maian when she eventually becomes the Thunderblood. Despite this, Gofa is someone who approaches life with a positive attitude. He always strives forward which has allowed him to earn a name as the Rumble Knight and eventually become the youngest Commander in the admittedly short history of the Mage Army of Zengef.

Gofa has lead a life full of strife, born in a small village he did have a pleasant childhood. This abruptly ended when his parents possesed the same trait he treats as a virtue, his determination. His parents decided to move to High Enkefen. They were unsatisfied with the village life and decided to try their luck in the big city. Suddenly, Gofa's life was drastically shifted and he became only another young mage in the vastness of the city. His parents move was not particulary successfull, as they did not manage to secure any sort of significant political prestige or power. They mostly blamed this failure as a lack of effort and dedicated most of their time to their quest, leaving little Gofa with a lot of freedom. He travelled the city, and one day stumbled on an underground mage fighting ring, named Eva's Ring after the owner. He was 12 at this time, two years too young to participate and so only watched, but also intensified his training in preparation. Gofa began competing on his 14th birthday. Due to the deadliness of his electricity, and the rather large lack of Thundermages in High Enkefen that could serve as training wheels, he took out most opponents with ease. Those who knew they could not defend themself from lightning surrendered instantly rather than fight him. After 4 years of fighting, Gofa grew tired of the sport and his parents who disapproved kicked him out of the household. Gofa decided to enroll in the still recent Mage Army of Zengef, he was distinguished early on for his magic capabilities and the old Commander took a liking to the young determined man. After half a year Gofa became a Captain, after another half he was a Chief and by next year he was one of the Captains directly under the Commander. When the Commander in High Enkefen retired, the Rumble Knight was personally chosen by Huff Perkot to replace him.

During his days in the ring, Gofa was not known as the Rumble Knight but as Swordbolt. He used a sword ever since he began fighting, although it was once rusty metal bartered for his father's prestigious clothes. Gofa only began using armor once he learnt his largest weakness was an opponent that was able to resist his lightning bolts and sword slashes. Against such an enemy Gofa had almost no recourse and was very vulnerable to their attacks. Once he had earned a decent amount from picking his fights well, Gofa bought a set of modified silver armor, including a layer of rubber on the inside to protect him from his own electricity. He debuted using his new name and armor in a highly anticipated fight against at the time undisputed champion of the ring, Feral Klaus. Klaus is a humungous beast of a man, 6"5 and with the width of your average bear. He fights as a regular brawler but with a few enhancements. Feral Klaus wraps his whole body save his head in stone and forms massive claws of earth, this was an opponent that Gofa previously did not even consider challenging. With his new armor, Gofa was confident he could win and history proved him right. When Klaus attempted to hack the Rumble Knight into segments, the armor was able to resist and eventually Gofa managed to incapacitate Klaus with a direct bolt to his head, a bolt that would kill almost anyone else. After this victory, achieving all there was in Eva's Ring, Gofa decided to leave and joined the Mage Army of Zengef.

As a Commander, Gofa's duties have grew quite a lot of from his time in the ring. He is responsible for 7,000 men, almost double that of a regular commander as there is quite a lot of men willing to join the Army in High Enkefen, despite there not being much demand within the duchy itself due to it's safe location within Zengef. The Enkefen Regiment is mostly responsible for supporting the other regiments when they're in need, curbing local banditry or thievery and providing a land unit to the Seamages when a criminal attempts to escape inland. Gofa himself completes all the paperwork, leads the men personally when a large deployment is necessary and even fights in the battlefield himself. As he is not much of a strategist or tactician, during battles or prolonged campaigns the Assistant Commander, Dives Loisotto, is in charge. An alumni of War Strategy in the National Academy and once a student of Gofa Waterblood, Dives is an honored strategician. Thanks to Dives, Gofa can fight on the battlefield, his reputation only continues to grow as more enemies learn to fear his iconic silver armor and sword.

NOTES:
More on him