Draco Thunderblood, "Dragon of Zengef", is a 62 year old man that was elected 31 years ago (2965PD, 646SR) upon the death of his master Kyon Thunderblood. He was born and raised in Zengef, but does not have the traditional traits of a Zengefian, he is quite short, only 5'6, dark-skinned, muscled with a sharp face and black hair that is now greying. Draco is known as a direct, strict and serious person who takes his duties and training very seriously, he wakes up at the same time every day and starts his day with a kata. Alongside his body, Draco has two other weapons, which were crafted by Stonefingers, a renowned Dalanet craftsman, they are his Thundersteel Gauntlets and a modified unnamed Schutzin Draco just calls "my Schutzin", which shoots empowered lighting bolts.

As a young child, Draco knew he was destined for greatness. He was born in the only village that rigorously practices Thundermagic. It is a small village built on a cliff, aptly named "Clifftown", found in the South-West of Zengef that borders Unim. One day, hundreds of years ago, a traveller came to the village and taught the people Thundermagic, which they used to defend themself from the monsters of Unim. When he was 6, Draco learnt how to use Thundermagic and joined scouting missions of the village people, which taught him how to use his magic to kill. When Kyon Thunderblood was elected, Draco was 14 and Kyon came back to his home village to find a willing student. It was tradition for Thunderbloods of this village, which produced the last 7, to look for a worthy student and train them to become the next Thunderblood. When Kyon saw Draco performing a kata in the morning, he was impressed with the dedication of the young man and asked him to show him his Thundermagic abilities. Kyon was excited by what he saw, as Draco showed power that was already capable of rivaling a student of the Great Masters. He took Draco as his student at once, and when Kyon died 16 years later, Draco became Draco Thunderblood.

Of the Great Masters, Draco is the most deadly. He wields the Thundersteel Gauntlets, which are modelled after a Dragon and have a small sharp protrusion in the middle used to fire electric bolts. Often Draco will close in on his opponent then punch-electrocute them, if they attempt to stay at a fair range he will instead shoot his bolts from afar or take out his Schutzin, which he carries strapped on his back. The Schutzin is also modelled after a Dragon, and does not fire conventional bullets, instead designed to empower Thundermagic. Once charged by a Thundermage, it blasts an incredibly powerful thunderbolt capable of melting steel. If Draco is fighting with Gofa and Rakinji, they can Create a thundercloud which he manipulates to strike his enemies from above, this does not happen often however as Draco prefers to fight alone due to the dangers of Thundermagic. The only non-thunder element the Thunderblood is proficient at is Watermagic, transforming obstacles into water when necessary and creating a deadly pool of water using his Thundermagic. While quite stoic in his regular duties, Draco is known for going mad in combat, including taunting his opponents and laughing maniacally. When asked by his student why, Draco explains it's the only time he feels truly alive.

Maian is Draco's only student and comes from Clifftown, she is the strongest of all the students of the Great Masters and will be the new Thunderblood when Draco retires, which he plans on in the coming years. Draco has noticed his growing age and weakening skills, but is not willing to retire until Gofa does, due to a perceived rivalry. For now the Thunderblood continues his dedicated life training his body, marksmanship and student. He visits Cliffstown on rare occasions and goes scouting with the youths, teaching them basic Thundermagic. Most of the people of Zengef fear Draco due to the tales told of him, but those who know him personally love him for the reliable, honorful and duty-driven man he is.

NOTES:
Draco saved the Blackbarrels and earned his gun, add this in
Unadd the clifftown part as it's in _Regions