Gofa Lakafesh Waterblood "Iceblade" "Greatest Master", is a full-blooded Zengef man, he is tall, built with greying laid back hair and stubble. Gofa is known for his kindhearted nature, patience and a willingness to follow his own heart, traits that have fostered rivalry from the Thunderblood, gratitude from the Fireblood, utmost respect from the Earthblood and deep friendship from Rakinji. He was elected to be Waterblood when he was 31, 26 years ago, when Pakafesh Waterblood retired and shortly after passed away. Gofa is often called the Greatest Master by his students and other students of the Great Masters, as most consider him the unofficial head aswell as the strongest of their ranks.

As a child, Gofa was only a regular kid at his fishing village. He often went surfing and always had an adventorous spirit, but never expected his life to go anywhere outside his little village. One day, when Gofa was 16, the Seamages came to recruit from his village, as it was known for producing capable watermages, and in a moment of bravery or stupidity (as his parents still believe) Gofa decided to join. He served as a common mage for 2 years, sailing the Beferian Ocean, when one day in a violent storm he spotted a sloop with one shivering old lady inside. His crewmen claimed it was too dangerous, but Gofa did not care and surfed the violent waves on an iceboard he formed. When he came back to the ship with the lady in tow, she thanked him and scurried off to get fed. Gofa, exhausted from his rescue, went to sleep. He awoke to the old lady at his bedside, explaining how she thanks him for saving her, and so he is spared. The rest of the crew was converted into the Blood Scourge.

The Blood Scourge roamed the seas for 4 years, attacking any ships in the Beferian ocean and often raiding coastline villages, until Gofa returned and forced the old lady, Hegma, to escape. This event earned him some notoriety, as the Seaking was indisposed and the Waterblood at the time was not able to track the ship down and defeat Hegma. Gofa earned a spot at the National Academy for free, as one of the special students, and studied the intricacies of Watermagic there. This is also when he met Rakinji, and helped him eventually become the Windblood. A few years after he was elected to be Waterblood, Lafef's Coup broke out. Gofa ended up fighting against Lafef personally, it was an intense duel as they both knew each other's weaknesses due to being peers 3 years prior. Gofa won the duel killing Lafef and ending the revolution for good. As the previous Windblood died in the fighting, Gofa helped Rakinji prepare to become a Great Master in the wake of Lafef's Coup.

Gofa's fighting style is most well-known for his common use of his iceboard and iceblade, often in conjunction. He Creates a massive wave, disrupting any sort of attack the enemy might have prepared, and slashing any confused enemies. When necessary, Gofa will form an ice shield and block a projectile, which he is capable of in a staggering time due to his intense practice. One of his lesser known techniques, but equally as deadly as the others, is Creating a vast wave as cover, and shooting icicles from behind the wave. His ice is hard as steel, if not harder, an ice hammer he once formed when fighting the Antknight was capable of slightly denting even silversteel. When he is fighting alongside someone, often Rakinji, he is credited as an excellent fighter even when playing a supporting role. Gofa keeps a keen eye and blocks any potentially fatal projectiles with a quickly formed icewall or wave. Gofa's main weakness is also his biggest strength, his mastery of watermagic. He has a basic understanding of the other elements, preferring to use watermagic in almost every single scenario instead, and so has not spent much time learning the other elements.

Gofa has three students, Lola Tenos, Joras Greentree and Ineer Krajir. He treats them all equally. They are considered some of the strongest of the Great Master's students, only Maian is the better of all of them and Joras is the only one stronger than Panon Minas. Gofa teaches his students for 8 months of the year, then takes a long vacation at his hometown. Both his parents still live, and so he tries to spend as much time with them as he can while they still do. He shows the kids how to surf, helps fish and recovers any broken ships on the seafloor. Gofa is beloved by his village, his students, the other Great Masters and the majority of the people of Zengef.

NOTES:
Remove blood scourge