Lafef Earthblood "Great Traitor" is a now dead Great Master. He was Stoneblooded, incredibly tall and muscled like most Stonemen but unusually was born with red hair and azure eyes. He was elected to Earthblood 29y ago (2967PD, 648SR), when he was 34. Lafef is most well-known for his coup, Lafef's Coup (2973-2974PD), and so one would think he was always suspicious. However before his treason, he was feared, but also held in high-esteem by his students, fellow Great Masters and their students.

Raised in the Stoneland, Lafef was taught to despise all magic. At the age of 9, when he found out he had the gift himself, Lafef's parents decided to escape the colony and travelled to Zengef. They sacrificed themself to save their son from the monsters of Unim and Lafef found himself in Zengef alone. He grew up a poor orphan fighting for himself in the tunnels of Aronka, where he developed his Earthmagic and fighting style. Lafef blamed his situation on the inequality of Zengef, not the rich and poor divide but the lack of a divide between the common people, and a mage like himself. He believed the mages of Zengef had to be the ruling class, and the nation was growing weaker everyday when non-mages were the majority of the Prasedi. Lafef decided that once he was stronger, he would do something to bring about this world. When Arengash Earthblood visited Aronka, he witnessed the 16 year old Lafef fighting off Big Rockmoles and decided to take the malnourished teenager as a student. After 18 years of waiting, the Earthblood died and Lafef was unanimously chosen as the next Great Master by the others as he was the most talented student by far.

Lafef fought using his self-made two-handed stonehammer "Rockbreaker", it was made of all stone including the handle and was as heavy as Lafef. Similarly to Gofa, he could harden his stone to an unbelievable strength, capable of blunting silversteel. When he needed to defend himself, Lafef either extended his hammer on all sides into an impenetrable shield or slammed the ground forming a moving spiked wall that blocks the projectile and also serves as a counterattack. For ranged combat, Lafef preferred to use his hammer, often Creating sharp stone spikes he hovered in front of himself and slammed with the Rockbreaker to send stone shrapnel at his enemy. By the time he was 40, Lafef was quite talented in the other elements, as he believed Earthmagic was quite limiting he learnt the most flexible of the other elements, Windmagic and Watermagic. He used Windmagic primarily to fly and Watermagic mainly in a deadly attack, where he created mudpools to trap his enemies then sent stone shrapnel at their grounded bodies.

After 6 years of gathering students and power, Lafef amassed his personal army. It contained 6 of his students, out of 15, the most local prominent mage thief group "Black Crooks", 30 Manokan mercenaries and 3 Thundermages. The Thundermages were sent by an underground group he was working with for some time, the First Man Resistance Anti-Fuyan Group led by "Loki". The group gave Lafef vital information and silenced anyone that tried to warn the Prasedi of the plan. On the 6th of Elvusian, the plan was launched and started by removing anyone who would get in the way. One of the Thundermages assasinated the weakest Great Mage, Kallisa Fireblood. Lafef himself struck against Gofa Waterblood, but his sneak attack was blocked by a quickly placed ice wall and then he fought Gofa to a standstill. The students and members of the Black Crooks struck against Draco Thunderblood, but as they were slightly late Draco was already on high alert and he wiped 4 of the students and the majority of the Black Crooks in the fight that ensued. The 30 Manokian mercenaries alongside two of the Thundermages, stormed Castle Prasedi of High Enkefen and murdered any resistance, successfully taking over. Lafef, and the remainder of his personal army fled to Castle Prasedi and defended it for two months during which Tomin Windblood was fatally struck by a Thundermage. The Seamages, Magelords of Zengef with their armies in tow, Head of the Eternal Library Damon Ransata, Toshi Redtree, Rakinji, Draco Thunderblood and Gofa Waterblood banded together Castle Prasedi was stormed. Lafef was drowned in a duel against Gofa, and his remaining students were killed by Damon. The sent Thundermages mysteriously dissapeared during the fighting.

After Lafef's Coup, the Mage Army of Zengef was established. The Prasedi was awakened to how reliant their defenses were on the Great Master and the Magelords. The First Man Resistance Anti-Fuyan Group remained unknown, as Lafef did not disclose who provided the Thundermages. Lafef's remaining students, while talented, were too closely associated with him to be trusted in a position of power and so Leon Earthblood was found and elected. Jolanan, an old student who distinguished himself in the fighting, replaced Kallisa. Rakinji became the Windblood similarly to Jolanan. Lafef's Coup had a large impact on many people, it proved the instability of mages with too much power. This worked to establish laws preventing mages from having high positions in Prasedi whereas previously it was tradition. Lafef's actions ended up moving Zengef further from his ideals.

NOTES:
he slew the Mole after he came to power who was secretly running the city, the president a non mage appointed by the prasedi didn't do anything and this began his hate of the prasedi. he was like omg we need strong mages in power, expanded Aronka 2969PD 5 years before he went absholutely mental]

His book focuses on fixing Aronka and painting him as a good guy, then lafef's coup is like oh he's evil because he believes he needs strong mages cause of aronka's failure