Leon von Leon "Sculptor" "The Golem", now known as Leon Earthblood, is a 48 year old Jiraltan, blonde but short man, that is now one of the Great Masters. He specialises in golemmaking. He is known for riding on his earth horse to combat with his golem bodyguards "Ron" & "Don" at his back. No one can replicate's Leon's golems lifelike movement, and some even speculate they have a soul of their own. Leon earned his title 22 years ago, when the previous Great Master, Lafef Earthblood, gathered his students and attempted to overthrow the Prasedi, in an event now known as Lafef's Coup. In the wake of this event there came a lack of talented Earthmages and so the other Great Masters and the Prasedi sought powerful Earthmages in the country, where Leon was found.

Leon is the son of a Nolaki and Jiraltan couple. His mother, Mina, ran away from the island of Nolaka and found love in Jiralta. She only revealed her origins to her family, posing as a Stoneblood to others, and she taught her son everything she knew about lifemagic. Leon however, was primarily interested in creating lifelike creatures using his lifemagic, but with the lack of any adequate vessels he could only animate the bodies of dead insects. He knew more had to be possible, and so when he heard of a nation of mages, he decided to travel there to learn more about his own magic. At the age of 17, Leon took a ship to Rutof then Zengef. When he showed the mages in the first village he encountered what he could do, he was attacked and chased off as they believed he was practicing bloodmagic. Leon learnt not to show his powers. Overtime he understood the five elements, and after trying himself for a few weeks, managed to infuse earth. From then on Leon travelled, eventually settling in a fishing village working as a mage builder. When he had free time, he created increasingly larger golems and eventually his talent was found by Gofa Waterblood, who decided to visit his hometown while on the quest to find the new Earthblood.

Leon does not fight often, preferring to spend time tinkering on his designs. However when he does, he comes prepared. Followed by his golems, Leon rides on an earth horse to his destination. Depending on the situation, he either stands back and creates cover, shooting earthgrenades or great boulders at his opponent, or he enters one of his golems and pilots them manually. Leon is known for his almost inexhaustible mana capacity, being able to create whole golems out of wind mid-combat. Alongside golems, Leon uses earthgrenades which are small stonedisks invented by him that explode into shrapnel after a set amount of time when a rock inside is disintegrated with Earthmagic. Leon uses earthgrenades in a variety of ways, sometimes he creates a stone pillar which he stands on, not too high as he wouldn't be able to mend his golems, and throws them from above. Another method is sliding them along an Earthmagic made ramp and letting them explode in the air to rain down shrapnel on his enemies. As well as Earthmagic and Lifemagic, Leon is above average at watermagic, that he mostly uses to balance the weights of his golems when they grow too heavy.

While Leon does take students, he only told one out of six his secret of how he animates the golems and so the rest are subpar in comparison. He fears misunderstandings, due to the Zengefian's fear of potential bloodmages, that could see him executed if he revealed his lifemagic. For now, he shows clear favoritism towards his best student, Panon. He is currently teaching Panon how to use lifemagic, and also testing his hypothesis that it is of the same branch as magic as the five elements. Aside from teaching his students, Leon spends time in his lab, testing new golem designs and seeing how he can improve his current ones.