Rakinji Windblood "Duststorm" "Blind Nomad" is originally an Unim nomad and now one of the Great Masters. He was born a blind man and is now within his 50's, with dark skin, a close cropped beard and shoulder-length hair. Rakinji wields no weapon, fighting exclusively with his hands and magic, an unusual fighting style for an Unim man. Windblood had earned his title 22 years ago, when he was 34. Tomin Windblood died fighting in Lafef's coup and Rakinji won the position from two other qualified students, largely in thanks to Gofa Waterblood's influence

When Rakinji was born, he was named after the place he was born under, a massive Oldtree named Rakinji. He was blind at birth, but this did not result in him being casted away, as was tradition at the time with those deemed too weak to survive the desert. Rakinji's parent loved him, they alongside his Karas, the Karas of New Springs, took care of him until he was 23. At that age, Rakinji decided he wanted to see the world, and he heard of a nation full of mages, Zengef. To cure his blindness, he decided to travel there. Despite his parent's and Karas's pleading, he headed out and they respected his decision, Rakinji knew he would be fine as even as a young child he had an uncanny ability to feel the world around him despite being blind. When he found himself in High Enkefen, and learned there was no cure to his blindness, Rakinji worked odd jobs to support himself. He eventually befriended a student of the National Academy, Gofa Lankafesh. Gofa noticed his talent but knew Rakinji could not afford the academy, and so he pleaded with the Windblood, Tomin, at the time to take him as a student. When Tomin learnt how far Rakinji had come despite being blind, he obliged to a test period and when he proved himself, took him as a fulltime student.

Rakinji Windblood almost always fights with his best friend, Gofa Waterblood. To gain an advantage, he creates a dust storm in the area then detects the location of the enemy with his windmagic. Despite being a windmage, Rakinji is extremely destructive in his attacks, often throwing massive lethal gales of wind, then resurfacing his dust storm. He is capable of flying, but uses this mostly as a form of travel, as his ability to sense what's happening on the ground is limited in the air. An iconic attack of Rakinji is his tornado. He will fly high up in the air, and begin brewing a tornado, that once unleashed is unstoppable. The attack has caused controversy in the past to the World Conference, as two out of three times he created the tornado, it went on to ravage Zengef, Roroni, Dalanet, and once even the Sugori Isles in the East. If Rakinji is ever in danger, due to an attack he cannot sense, Gofa helps him out of the situation usually creating an ice wall to block the attack. Similarly to Zoyana, while capable of using other elements, Rakinji tends to stick to his wind. He sometimes uses Earthmagic to help him walk when flying is impossible and knows intermediate watermagic thanks to his longtime friendship to the Waterblood.

Rakinji continues the tradition of the Great Masters, and as once his master took him as a student, he seeks out capable Windmages in High Enkefen, other major cities of Zengef and even the many mage villages. He tests any willing participants, and even though his tests are known to be harsh, he has 16 students. The most students of any Great Master. Rakinji sees Zoyana's lack of students as a disgrace to the Great Masters, and has called the vote to detitle her each time. Rakinji has flew over and visited his parents and by extension Karas ever since he became the Windblood, and even travelled with the Karas for a month to the Endless Oasis, upon his father's death at the age of 64. Rakinji now spends his days at the capital, teaching his students and resolving any crises that occur there, if a major enough incident occurs outside High Enkefen, he will however be the first to fly out and help.