Zoyana Fireblood "Dancing Flame", "White Glove" is a 27 year old Zengefian woman and one of the five Great Masters. She is easily noticeable via her red hair with orange streaks and a massive burn scar on her right leg, earned when she cauterized a fatal wound in a fight against the Antknight. Zoyana wields a rapier made of silversteel and her iconic white glove in the other, both her white glove and rapier named "Pinprick" are extremely heat resistant. She earned her spot as one of the Great Masters at the age of 24 when she slew the terror that plagued Zengef, "Rainbane". The previous Fireblood, Jolanan, stepped down after this achievement. Jolanan claimed he was stepping down to give the youngsters a chance, but in reality, he was old and tiring.

Zoyana was a young budding firemage raised in the court of High Enkefen, she showed talent and dedication even in her early years and was recognised as a potential canditate for the Great Masters even then. This sort of admiration grew an ego in young Zoyana, she was bored at her homelife due to all the pampering and so when she was only 13, she ran away from High Enkefen to the neighbouring country of Roroni. She experienced a lot on her journey, and realised that the mastery she already possessed of the flame was not enough, so she decided to learn from the locals. The "Dancing Swords" are one of the many warrior societies in Roroni, they specialise in rapiers and a softfooted almost dancing combat style, this is where Zoyana learned the fighting style she uses today and was gifted her silversteel "Pinprick".

Zoyana's fighting style involves quick movement, sword stabs when an enemy is near and fireballs from her white glove when they keep their distance. One who attempts to match her blade for blade is quickly suprised when she burns them with her right hand or her blazing hot rapier. Any non-mage who attempts to keep a long-distance, can not touch her either as any arrows or bolts are burnt to a crisp as she quickly closes in. The biggest difficulty for Zoyana is other mages, as a firemage she can not defend effectivelly against any other element and so she focuses on dodging oncoming attacks while sending attacks on her own, a technique that is responsible for her moniker "Dancing Flame". Zoyana does not exclusively use her right-hand to spellcast, often casting static or tracking fireballs that follow the point of her rapier's sword throughout their travel. When fireballs are not enough, she slashes with her rapier and creates slices of flame, secretly casting a fireball from her right hand to catch unaware opponents offguard. Zoyana is capable of casting other elements, but dislikes to do so, finding it compromises her fighting style. In an absolute pinch she will however use other elements, but her mastery of them is very rudimentary. While Zoyana can heat her rapier to extreme temperatures and slice through anything, she prefers to instead transform her obstacles into fire, as a rapier is not made for wide slashes.

As the youngest Fireblood in history, Zoyana holds a lot of responsibility. The people of Zengef trust the Great Masters can keep the fighting force of their nation strong, as they take students and teach them what they learnt. Zoyana so far has not taken any students during her 3 years as the Fireblood and this has caused tensions between her and the other Great Masters, who see it as their duty to the people. Her carefree attitude could potentially see her ousted from their numbers, a unanimous vote by the other Great Masters is required to do so but so far Gofa Waterblood, during the 4 votes hosted, has not voted yes a single time, while the others opinion has changed over time. For now she travells the land of Zengef and the borders of neighbouring countries, fighting and earning experience where she can, and while she is not loved by her fellow Great Masters, she is by far the most beloved Great Master of the people.

NOTES:
	Rewrite Zoyana's Rainbane and run away section