The Five Dukes of Zengef all manage their own individual duchies, which are run almost autonomously. Between managing taxes, disputes of villagers and patrolling their Duchya Duke has many responsibilites to juggle. Caught criminals are also typically held in prisons within the duchy, only the worst being sent to Cursestone on Seastorm Island. Feeding their population, whether through trade or farming, is expected to be managed by the Duke too. Magelords, which is a title given to the nobility of Zengef (all Dukes are Magelords but not all Magelords are Dukes) govern their own cities, towns or villages under the Duke. The title is inherited by blood to the eldest child, and very rarely given to exceptional achievement by the Prasedi. The original Magelords were chosen during the beginning of the Kesse Period and only a few bloodlines were added over a millenia of history.

Catherine Tenos is the Duchess of Tenos, she is within her sixties with flaming red hair and orange streaks. Skilled politically, she has the second-most influence with the second smallest Magelord army among the Dukes, the private army owned by almost every Magelord. Known as the Young Runaway Lady by the elderly, due to her adventures with Daredevil Moribius in her late teens. They trained her into a skilled Allmage. Quite liked by the general population of Tenos, she is often described as impulsive, yet duty-oriented person who cares deeply about the people she governs.

The Duke of Carielam, "Cursed" Andrew Flumen is the youngest Duke of Carielam to date at only twenty-one. Carielam holds the smallest army due to it's small population and proximity to the Warheart of Zengef, Pulfes. Two years ago, Andrew's father, elder sister and brother vanished suddenly to mysterious circumstances. Andrew was forced to take the mantle of a Duke while still struggling with his sudden shift in lifestyle from a carefree life with his friends. His father was put in power after Lafef's Coup, the previous Dukes were the Lecti's who ruled Carielam for six centuries. Their reign ended spontaenously due to a rival family's sabotage and the instability of Lafef's Coup. Andrew worries his leadership will end similarly.

Charles Bellam, often described as a gentle giant, is a massive olive-skinned old man who wears his gray hair in a topknot. He is the Duke of Pulfes. His wife, Puga Bellam, is a renowned general of Charles's Magelord army, she also strategises with the Commanders of the Mage Army of Zengef despite holding no official position within their ranks. Charles is not a pushover either, while having absolutely no skill at tactics or magic, he is a talented diplomat, learning quickly due to his intimidating nature. A centuries old dispute with the Lecti's was solved only two decades ago via Charles's trust in their good natures and diplomacy. While he does often ponder about the unnecessity of war, Charles is no idiot, and holds the third largest Magelord army, once even larger, a lot of the members have been transferred to the Mage Army of Zengef. A large army was kept by the Duke before the start of the skirmishes with the Stoneland due to Zengef's proximity to the Unim monsters.

"Goldbite" Zarin Loisotto, a middle-aged man with distinctive whiskers, is the Duke of Enkefen. It is often joked he would be more fit as the Duke of Tafos, due to his greedy, paranoid and simpering nature. He cares deeply for trade, and has established a sea traderoute between Triarwell and Zengef, specifically High Enkefen, at a World Conference six years past. Zarin knows traditional Firemagic after his studies at the Tenos Institute of Magic, but has never bothered to learn past that claiming that he can solve any problem with the right sum. The Loisottos hold the second largest Magelord army, it was once one of the smallest, but ever since Lafef's Coup an effort was made to gather soldiers incase of a repeat.

The Duke of Tafos, or of Mercaju as Aronka's citizens would claim, is middle-aged Jules Cupid. A past student of Tomin Windblood, he holds a significant talent in pushing and pulling objects with Windmagic. Many describe him as having a gaze that will search your soul and pull out your darkest secret. Jules is unusually reserved and ascetic for a Duke of Tafos. Instead he is quiet, ambitious and curious, yet he does not advance his position as if waiting for a signifcant event. The Cupid's hold the largest Magelord army, almost thirty thousand strong. They have all been stationed within Mercaju acting in place of the town guard for the last decade.