The Prasedi is the official government of Zengef. They were formed at the conclusion of the Manywar Period, with the Formation Pact. They fund duchies, run the Mage Army of Zengef, direct the Seamages and engage in foreign diplomacy. There is a small power struggle between the Prasedi and duchies, due to the duchies running autonomously and often ignoring Prasedi Law in favor of Duchy Law. Within the Prasedi are three main tiers of rank, none of which are allowed to practice magic due to the Free-Government Act after Lafef's Coup. Eighty-four Prasedi Officials (PO's) are the lowest rank, they get voted in by the respective duchy when their four-year term expires. Twenty-four are from Enkefen, twenty-one from Tafos, it's a sour point for Tafosians that they have less than Enkefians, fifteen come from Tenos, fourteen from Pulfes and ten from Carielam. There exists a Prasedi Minister for each Ministry, such as Education, War and Health that distribute state funds to duchies within that domain. The final rank, one that all PO's aspire to is the President of Zengef.

Jules Maximus is the President of Zengef. He is fifty-three, tall but slim with short greying hair and azure eyes. Jules was elected 8 years ago, the end of his presidency is coming up as The President is democratically elected exactly every decade. They cannot be reelected, it is also uncommon for a President of the same Coalition to be elected twice in a row. For the election, each duchy "votes" for the Coalition they wish to support. This is typically held democratically within the duchy, although it has happened before that the did not mirror that of the duchy's population. The five votes are then counted, if a tie occurs the populations and influence of the duchy is used as a weight. The voted Coalition then picks the President, typically from one of their current PO's. The President can be replaced via a majority vote of the PO's, this does not happen often, even during Lafef's Coup the President, Infis Loisotto from the Trade Coalition, was not demoted despite his failure. Jules is quite stable and established, as his predecessor was also of the Combat Coalition.

There are three Coalitions within Zengef, each PO, Minister and even the President is chosen from a Coalition. The Combat Coalition, currently the biggest due to Lafef's Coup influence with forty-four PO's. Their emblem is a staff with a fireball forming out of it on a white backdrop. They believe in fighting fire with fire and answering the recent skirmishes with Stoneland, by declaring open war and invading the Empire. They do not necessarily want to expand their borders, only retaliate against attacks on Zengef's territory. The second largest coalition is the Trade Coalition. Their emblem is the national currency, the gold ducat, on an indigo background. With twenty-seven PO's, an impressive number given the impact of Lafef's Coup, they are moderately influential. It is mostly nobles and merchants that vote for the Trade Coalition, as the coalition's believes start and end with the ducat. Finally, the Peace Coalition, currently a political laughing stock, hold thirteen PO's. They represent themself with a brown open palm on a green background. They believe in renewing negotations with Stoneland, seeing the ongoing skirmishes as an unnecessary fight. This is considered unfeasable, as the Formation Pact has been completely shattered. The Stoneland officials booted out of office, a land-based army established and considerations for retaking Vitaf Island. Even the current flag, the purple crossed hammer and staff with a white background, is changing soon to remove imagery of Stoneland.

The United Nations of Volin, UNOV, was formed in 2969PD alongside the Dalanet-Zengef peace treaty. Dalanet joined at it's inception and in 2982PD Roroni was pressured, bullied, to join. The UNOV's concept is to help countries whenever they're in need, if one of the members is attacked the other countries are expected to provide support instead of taking advantage. Similarly if a disease, food shortage or natural disaster happens the members have to send aid. Government officials from each of the countries hold a council every six months to discuss any arising issues. Currently the only invited countries, both of which refused, are Varoma and Rutof. Varoma is promised help with the rising problem of Bloodmages, but as a strongly independent people, refuse to compromise their freedom. Rutof doesn't want to lose favor with Stoneland, which is their greatest trading partner. As quite a new organisation it's future is quite unclear, if it succeeds it's expected to prove a strong challenge to Stoneland's control of Volin.

Freemages, called a mage rebel group by the Prasedi who deny their existence, is a mage cult formed in 2981PD by August Jacks. A Manokian man, of unknown origins and abilities, August is said to be ambitious, ruthless and calculating. Called the "Unfettered One" by his followers, he formed a cult with the belief of extra elements beyond the seemingly out of nowhere. Their presence was fairly suppressed until a violent riot in 2991PD on the Fishdock of Undatif, their headquarters. It was stopped by Rakinji Windblood extinguishing the flames and bringing order by echoing his voice to all corners of the city. Andrew Flumen is currently not dealing with the Freemages, whether due to corruption or inexperience is unknown.

The foreign relations of Zengef are exceptionally solid. They have joined the World Conference at it's conception. The Prasedi with all the Volin countries that engage in trading, including The Stoneland, and even trade outside of the continent with Triarwell, Befre and Sugori. However attempts by Zengef to establish communication with what they call The West, Lanti Archipelago's and Bauland's indingenous people have been unsuccessfull. The Prasedi also don't maintain contact with "The East", Pustan and Ruu Bo, out of indifference for Pustan and loathing for Ruu Bo. Many countries have recently become allies, for example the Sugori who's past reputation is quickly melting away due to Tomin Windblood. He was a Great Master who died fighting for Zengef in Lafef's Coup. Triarwell too is only recently considered a friendly country. While not an ally, there is currently an agreement being signed with Befre over the purchase of guns. Within Volin: Janaite, Jiralta, Rutof, Roroni, Dalanet, Varoma and Manok are considered friendly while Stoneland, New & Holy Shreev, Ka'luta and Goblinland are viewed as enemies. Trade with Roroni is exclusively in steel, and paid back with steel weapons forged by the Molten Hammer Society.
