Tafos is the centermost duchy of Zengef, and is governed by Jules Cupid in Mercaju. It is the center point of the New Road, constructed during the Kesse Period, which connects all the duchies together with a safe and patrolled road. Mercaju is a city where trade flourishes, most imports are sent to Mercaju before being distributed among the country, the only signifcant export of Tafos itself is it's wood. Aronka is another significant city within Tafos, often suffering in the shadow of Mercaju it is a city known for it's criminal elements and corrupt politicians, including the Mayor. Aronka is also very famous for it's tunnels, which attract a significant amount of Earthmages, to the point where, outside of High Enkefen, it is the city with the most concentrated Earthmage population. Kopis Village is a minor village near Aronka, most famous for being governed by the Parvus Family, which produced Pakafesh Waterblood, a now dead Great Master. The Catarac Mountains and Waterfalls lie slightly north of Kopis Village and are a cultural attraction, they not only are marvelous but seperate Zengef from the heat of the Unim Desert. Tafos as a county gets along well with Carielam, which provide most of the foreign goods as a significant port city. They are indifferent to Pulfesians, slightly irate with Enkefians and despise Tenosians. Tafos and Tenos used to be one county, the largest within Zengef, but was split during the Kesse Period due to a power struggle between the Tenos and Cupid noble families.

Carielam is the smallest duchy of Zengef, it is found in the South-East and governed by Andrew Flumen in Undatif. The county is known for it's Watermages due to the high amount of fishing villages that practice Watermagic on the coast, such as Gofalin a fishing village renamed from Seatown in Gofa's honor after Lafef's Coup. Recruitement by Seamages is particularly present in Carielam and it's the home of over a quarter of Seamages despite it's relatively small size. The capital city of the county, Undatif, is best known for it's fish and foreigns goods, being the most significant port in Zengef. Flumen's Stream (called The River by locals), is a massive lake terraformed by Earth and Watermages long ago. It splits the city into two halves each with their own dock, shining bridges known as the Amber Arches allowing crossing. The left side is the Fishdock, responsible for trade of fish and food, home to the poorer citizens of the city. The other side, Golddock, specialises in trade of foreign goods and is on a slope with homes of merchants, nobles such as the Vifon's and the Duke's manor. The entrance to Flumen's Stream is guarded by local Watermages, if an enemy invasion is spotted, Flumen's Stream entrance is frozen and gales are sent to sink the invaders. Carielamianese get along well with Enkefians and Pulfesians, due to the protection they provide, and are indifferent to Tenosians due to the land distance of the two counties.

Pulfes is the largest duchy of Zengef, it is found directly east and governed by Charles Bellam in Castellum Fort. The fort is surrounded by a city, usually simply called The City by the locals, it is the HQ of the Mage Army of Zengef. The Fastflame Train runs along the side of the Vitaf River, from Castellum Fort to Bubba Town, it's powered by Firemagic. The train was originally set up for trade between Tafos and Carielam during the Kesse Period, however when the Stoneland began their constant attacks recently, the tracks were ripped out and placed alongside the river to more easily defend any side of the shore. The border between Janaite and Pulfes is not defended nearly as rigorously, it's mostly a flatland, due to the Janaitean's peaceful nature only an occasional patrol is sent. Known as the Warheart of Zengef, Pulfes is not known for it's exports but rather it's people dedication to protecting the Zengef people, from the Manywar Period to today. No significant cities lie within it's borders aside from Castellum Fort, but two significant villages exist. Bubba Town, a previously unknown city but now the endpoint of the Fastflame Train it has begun flourishing recently. It also produced two magical talents quite recently from one family of fishers, Panon Minas, promising student of Leon Earthblood and Evesa Minas, Lead Destroyer of the Seamages. Clifftown is another town, found near the top of the duchy and at the end of the Catarac Mountains. It is situated on a hill overlooking the Unim Desert, with many of the residents having to defend themself from attacks of magical beasts coming from the desert. The town is relevant due to a mysterious traveller who appeared centuries ago, that taught them how to use Thundermagic to defend themself and began the tradition of producing the most talented Thundermages in all of Zengef. The inhabitants of the town often look unsettling to a Zengefian, containing all the features of them but with drastically darker skin due to their exposure to the Unim desert.

Tenos is the most regular duchy of Zengef, it's found North-West and governed by Catherine Tenos in the City of Tenos. The Tenos Institute of Magic can be found in the city, which is the second most respected mageschool in Zengef. Port Kalon is an important portcity in Tenos, it's significant for the trade it holds with Dalanet, Triarwell and even the Sugori Isles. The duchy as a whole is known for it's farmland and greenery, offering the prettiest natural landscapes within Zengef. The Gritte River is found trailing the East side of the county and is a geographical barrier between the Unim desert and Tenos. The border of Roroni and Zengef is held rigorously at Custef Hills, due to a previous invasion of Tenos by Dalanet through the mountain pass. Tenosians respect the Enkefians and Pulfesians, are indifferent to Carielamianese and hate Tafosians indiscriminately.

Enkefen is the most influential duchy of Zengef, it's found in the East on what is known as the Claw and is governed by Zarin Loisotto in High Enkefen, which is the capital of the country. High Enkefen is a beautiful city with water streams, smooth ice bridges and Earthmagic used to create six tiers to the city akin to a birthday cake with a sloped rocky north-side. It's home to many cuturally significant buildings, the underground Eternal Library carved into the Ponderer's Hill, named after a statue of the Ponderer, a massive stone statue of a man reading a book. It is often nicknamed as the Reader by locals. The National Academy can also be found in the city, the most prestigious magic academy in all of Elvus, it's beautiful spires match the pride Enkefians feel. Enkefen Port, while not as majestic as Flumen's Stream, resides on the lowest tier and brings a formidable amount of trade, aswell as fish to the city. Most of the other goods of the city are traded from Mercaju. Losa's Square is the trading center of High Enkefen, a statue of Golden Losa, made of her namesake material, is in the middle surrounded by trader's wares. Prasedi Castle can be found on the highest tier, before Lafef's Coup it was regularly decorated but after an effort has been made to make it more intimidating. The castle has been painted an imposing black and Mage Army of Zengef guards now consistently patrol it's border. The Guild of Magic Technology & Design does not have a very imposing building, but is significant for it's contributions to most of the recent military advances in mage-combat. It's a recently founded building, made up of poverty-stricken but talented magical designers found all over Zengef, by Egref Lecti, the Chancellor of the National Academy.

The Goblet is where the Great Masters reside, it's found on the second tier and is a few kilometer wide earth goblet with an almost flat top constructed out of Earthmagic. At the base of the Goblet is a massive pool that collects water which constantly spills over the Goblet's side and flows downward through the tiers. A stone pier leads to a staircase that wraps around the bottom to the inside of the Goblet, also known as the Bowl. Inside the slightly tilted Bowl is the accomodation of the Great Masters and Students, alongside training grounds and a library. Another famous attraction in High Enkefen is the Seaside Palace, owned by the Dukes family on the borders of the city. It incorporates the sea which naturally flows through the interior of the palace. The last tourist attraction is the Calidos Mansion on the third tier, which holds the always burning Calidos Bonfire, a millenia old tradition. Outside of High Enkefen there are no significant villages due to the attention the capital gains most important people find themself there. The shape of the duchy, a claw, resulted in the land below and above High Enkefen to be given a specific name. Footclaw is used for primarily for farming due to it's arable land and Topclaw is home to noble families private estates. Fang Island can be found within the claw, the religious Monachus people, which are believed to have come long ago from the Lanti Archipelago, find solace there and provide spiritual help to any who seek them out.